this lesson.
We're gonna be looking at bootstrap alerts.
They provide us a way to provide a message to users,
and these really stand out and they're nice and colorful.
So they're using the default bootstrap colors,
Primary secondary success,
danger,
warning info.
And there's also light and dark.
And there's various ways,
so you can also update the link color inside as well,
and also update additional content.
You can add the horizontal rule,
so to break up some of the content if you've got quite a bit and in order to make them
dismissible,
you do need to have JavaScript,
and the JavaScript will allow you to click the alert and close the alert.
Let's try that within our code.
And I've just cleared out most of the content that we work on.
In the earlier lessons,
I've still linked to the bootstrap CSS as well as the JavaScript,
because for most of the components,
you are gonna need to have the JavaScript.
We're going to rate the main code contained within this main container element.
And this is where we're gonna try all the different alerts and all the wonderful things we
can do with bootstrap.
So creating a diff first in this div is gonna be what the alert is going to be sitting with
him and then applying a class to make an alert so soon as I apply the alert class to it.
It already applies some styling to it,
where it kind of bumped it in and moved it over,
and there isn't any color yet to it.
So let's set up the alert as primary alert,
and we just put more content.
And as we saw,
you could do the horizontal rules and whatever.
And if you do need to have different colors,
so looking at the bootstrap color scheme,
so if you had something that maybe was approved,
you might want green.
There's also the danger there's warning.
So these called these classes.
They're going to come up over and over again.
The's class names for the different default colors.
There's info as well,
and you would choose whatever the appropriate one is that you want to use.
There's also an option to update the link color.
So let's say,
for instance,
we had ah hyperlink for the hello world,
and we want to link out to something or other within the message.
We get updates and we could set this as a plus link.
And that's alert link.
Actually,
the classes alert link,
so this alert link will be in line with the colors of the parent.
If I update this to danger,
that will change slightly as well.
And that's what we can do with alerts is we can update these.
You can also have a heading for an alert,
which is also another need option.
So if we had an H three,
and just to make sure that the user knows that this is an alert and apply a class of alert
heading so that stays within the alert style.
So it's got a default for that where it's applying some default styling to that if want to
make it dismissible.
That means that we need to add a button in order to close it and adding in the close button
at the bottom.
A swell will allow the user to be able to click that to provide a close.
So let's do a class select in that class of clothes and also adding in the data,
dismiss,
attribute and indicating that the attribute is an alert and then within the but in itself
going to create a span and we'll add in the times symbol within the span of the button.
So now whenever the user clicks that they're gonna be able to close it.
Let's try it outs and refresh.
So there's our alert,
and there's the button in order to close.
So when the user selects the button,
that's going to disappear,
the alert from the screen.
So try that one more time and close,
and it's gonna close the button on the screen.